README.md, before:

# ⭐ React Portfolio ⭐

![alt text](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)

## Description ✏️

This is a portfolio application that showcases my work as a web developer.     

## User Story 📖

As a person looking to employ a web developer,
I want to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples,
so that I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position.

## Table of Contents 📖

- ![Installation](#installation)
- ![Usage](#usage)
- ![Badges](#badges)
- ![Credits\_&_Questions](#credits_&_questions)
- ![License](#license)
- ![Features](#features)

## Deployed Link 🔑

You can view this through this Heroku link: 

## Usage &#128161;

[Repository link:](https://github.com/123sites/React-Portfolio)

This can be used for by anyone looking to hire a web developer.

## Screenshot 🎯

![alt text]()

## Credits & Questions 👈

For this Challenge, I utilized code from the 20-React Bootcamp folder and 
I reached-out to get help from a tutor, if I needed help.

## License 📝

The MIT license is in the GitHub repository. Click to link to view it:
[MIT License](https://github.com/123sites/React-Portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Features ✍

- Coolors color palette
- I created my own logo design
- Polished UI that's responsive

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Sequelize](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white)
![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql)

Commit message:

Added my own video and added to the README.

README.md, after:

# ⭐ React Portfolio ⭐

![alt text](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)

## Description ✏️

This is a portfolio application that showcases my work as a web developer.     

## User Story 📖

As a person looking to employ a web developer,
I want to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples,
so that I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position.

## Table of Contents 📖

- ![Installation](#installation)
- ![Usage](#usage)
- ![Badges](#badges)
- ![Credits\_&_Questions](#credits_&_questions)
- ![License](#license)
- ![Features](#features)

## Deployed Link 🔑

You can view this through this Heroku link: 

## Usage &#128161;

[Repository link:](https://github.com/123sites/React-Portfolio)

This can be used for by anyone looking to hire a web developer.

## Screenshot 🎯

![alt text]()

## Credits & Questions 👈

For this Challenge, I utilized code from the 20-React Bootcamp folder and 
I reached-out to get help from a tutor, if I needed help.

## License 📝

The MIT license is in the GitHub repository. Click to link to view it:
[MIT License](https://github.com/123sites/React-Portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Features ✍

- Coolors color palette
- Created my own logo design
- Polished UI that's responsive
- Video giving 3 good reasons why you should hire me and included music I added and edited.

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Sequelize](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white)
![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql)
